hey it's Matt from how to motorcycle
repair calm today I have this FCR carb
off
oh seven CRF 250 and by the way I'm
doing a video on how to completely
rebuild this motor we split the cases
put a new crank and piston rings and it
has enough enough full exhaust on it so
I just went through this car to make
sure that the jetting was correct and
basically I'm comparing it right off of
FMF website they want a 172 main a 42
pilot the needle NK us where we have a
stock one installed in this one the N K
BT so today I just want to show you how
to swap a needle out of one of these
these carbs and you can certainly do it
on the bike I believe you can have
access to this once you remove the seat
in the tank but I have it off on this
workbench here so let's go ahead and
remove these two screws alright and down
in here if I were to pull the throttle
you can see this this nut is what we
have to remove so that's an 8 mil
basically this needle is a little leaner
it's kind of hard to understand exactly
by from the charts of what and where
it's leaner because it's in the seems
like it's a little leaner richer on the
bottom but leaner up top I don't know
that's the way I interpreted it anyway
so alright so here it is and what you're
going to want to do is remove this clip
and then just grab this whole assembly
here slide it on the new one
and they recommend the third groove so
the groove is always counted from the
top
so the first groove at the top is the
first and so forth so we want to put
this in the third groove
this pyres are horrible get another set
alright clip that in there just
double-check and comparing the two
needles and I don't know if you can tell
the difference but this one is
definitely it looks
yeah I don't know I can't tell let's
just see how it works so a piece of cake
to install just tighten that up followed
by your cover here
all right that's it I'll have another
video on how to tune this adjustable
leak jet and definitely check out the
video on the bottom and rebuild but
that's it for this video it's matt from
how to motorcycle repair accom subscribe
to my channel like this video please
alright take it easy